Add Deploy Operation and Maintenance FAQs (#3241) (#3362)
pingcap/docs: faq/deploy-and-maintain-faq.md

#### Does TiKV have the `innodb_flush_log_trx_commit` parameter like MySQL, to guarantee the security of data?

Yes. Currently, the standalone storage engine uses two RocksDB instances. One instance is used to store the raft-log. When the `sync-log` parameter in TiKV is set to true, each commit is mandatorily flushed to the raft-log. If a crash occurs, you can restore the KV data using the raft-log.

#### What is the recommended server configuration for WAL storage, such as SSD, RAID level, cache strategy of RAID card, NUMA configuration, file system, I/O scheduling strategy of the operating system?

WAL belongs to ordered writing, and currently, we do not apply a unique configuration to it. Recommended configuration is as follows:

- SSD
- RAID 10 preferred
- Cache strategy of RAID card and I/O scheduling strategy of the operating system: currently no specific best practices; you can use the default configuration in Linux 7 or later
- NUMA: no specific suggestion; for memory allocation strategy, you can use `interleave = all`
- File system: ext4
  
#### How is the write performance in the most strict data available mode (`sync-log = true`)?

> Generally, enabling `sync-log` reduces about 30% of the performance. For write performance when `sync-log` is set to `false`, see [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](/benchmark/v3.0-performance-benchmarking-with-sysbench.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, enabling `sync-log` reduces about 30% of the performance. For write performance when `sync-log` is set to `false`, see [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v3.0/v3.0-performance-benchmarking-with-sysbench).
```

#### Can both TiDB data and RawKV data be stored in the same TiKV cluster?

No. TiDB (or data created from the transactional API) relies on a specific key format. It is not compatible with data created from RawKV API (or data from other RawKV-based services).

### TiDB testing

#### What is the performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench?

At the beginning, many users tend to do a benchmark test or a comparison test between TiDB and MySQL. We have also done a similar official test and find the test result is consistent at large, although the test data has some bias. Because the architecture of TiDB differs greatly from MySQL, it is hard to find a benchmark point. The suggestions are as follows:

- Do not spend too much time on the benchmark test. Pay more attention to the difference of scenarios using TiDB.

> - See [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](/benchmark/v3.0-performance-benchmarking-with-sysbench.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](/benchmark/benchmark-sysbench-v4-vs-v3.md).
```
